 Your pawnbroker roared,
Also, so, so did the landlord
The scene was so crazy, Wasn't it?
 Both were so glad,
 To watch me destroy what I had
Pain sure brings out the best in people, doesn't it?
Somebody better explain
 She's got her iron chain,
I'd do it, but I just can't remember how
 You talk to her
She's your lover now.
I already assumed
That we were in the felony room
But I ain't a judge, you don't have to be nice to me
Will you please tell that
To your friend in the cowboy hat
You know he keeps on sayin' everything twice to me
  You know I was straight with you
  You know I never tried to change you in any way
  You know if you didn't want to be with me
  That you didn't have to stay.
Now you stand here sayin' you forgive and forget.
And you, you just sit around and ask for ashtrays, can't you reach?
I see you kiss her on the cheek everytime she gives a speech
With her picture books of the pyramid
And her postcard of billy the kid
why must evrybody bow?
You better talk to her about it
You're her lover now.
Oh everybody that cares Is goin' up the castle stairs
But I'm not up in your castle, honey,
I can't even rember El Paso, uh , honey
  You never had to be faithful
  I didn't want you to grieve
  Oh, why was it so hard to you
  If you didn't want to be with me, just to leave?
Now you stand here
while your finger's goin' up my sleeve
An' you, just what do you do, anyway? Ain't there nothing you can say?
She'll be standin' on the bar soon
With a fish head an' a harpoon
An' a fake beard plastered on her brow
You'd better do somethin' quick
She's your lover now.
Oh, why must I fall into this sadness?
Do you think I still got what you still got, baby?
Her voice is really warm
It's just that it ain't got no form
But it's just like a dead man's last pistol shot, baby
  Oh, your mouth used to be naked,
  your eyes used to be so blue
  Your hurts used to be so nameless
  and your tears used to be so few
Now your eyes cry wolf while your mouth cries:
"I'm not scared of animals like you."
And you there's really nothing about you I can recall
I just saw you that one time and you were just there that's all
But I've already been kissed,
I'm not gonna get into this
I couldn't make it anyhow
You do it for me
You're her lover now