 Summer days, summer nights are gone,
Summer days and summer nights are gone,
I know a place where there's still somethin' goin' on.
I got a house on the hill, I got hogs out in the mud,
I got a house on the hill, I got hogs all out in the mud,
I got a long-haired woman, she got raw Indian blood.
Everybody get ready, lift up your glasses and sing,
Everybody get ready, lift up your glasses and sing,
Well, I'm standin' on the table, I'm proposin' a toast to the king.
Well, the fog's so thick you can't spy the land,
The fog is so thick that you can't even spy the land,
What good are you anyway if you can't stand up to some old businessman.
Weddin' bells are ringin' and the choir is beginnin' to sing,
Yes, the weddin' bells are ringin' and the choir's  beginnin' to sing,
What looks good in the day, at night is another thing.
She's lookin' into my eyes, and she's a-holdin' my hand,
She lookin' into my eyes, she's holdin' my hand,
She says, "You can't repeat the past,"
    I say "You can't? What do you mean you can't? Of course, you can."*)
I got eight carburetors, boys, I'm usin' 'em all,
Well, I got eight carburetors and, boys, I'm usin' 'em all,
I'm short on gas, my motor's startin' to stall.
My dogs are barkin', there must be someone around,
My dogs are barkin', there must be someone around,
I got my hammer ringin', pretty baby, but the nails ain't goin' down.
If you got somethin' to say, speak or hold your peace,
Well, you got somethin' to say, speak now or hold your peace,
If it's information you want, you can get it from the police.
Standing by God's river, my soul's beginnin' to shake,
Standing by God's river, my soul's beginnin' to shake,
I'm countin' on you, love, to give me a break.
Well, I'm leavin' in the mornin' as soon as the dark clouds lift,
Yes! I'm leavin' in the mornin' just as soon as the dark clouds lift,
Gonn' break in the roof, set fire to the place as a parting gift.
Summer days, summer nights are gone,
Summer days, summer nights are gone,
I know a place where there's still somethin' goin' on.